index.md, before:

![](./static/rabbit.png)


# Logan's Website


# About Me

Student at the University of Texas - Dallas & Incoming Software Engineering Intern at JPMorgan.

[Resume](./static/Resume.pdf)<br/>
[Writings](./writings.md)<br/>

## Ongoing Projects

- **Coinfishing**
    Simulating markets, and adding more gambling to WEBFISHING

- **Gnuplot**
    Plotting library for C++

- **Gtkcaml**
    GTK4 bindings for Ocaml

- **This Website**
    I will try and consistantly update this website with new information.

- **Chipotle**
    Library for interacting with chipotle services.

- **Game Theory Optimized Poker Bot**
    Poker is a pretty interesting game.

- **AWS Lambda runtime for OCaml**
    Modern OCaml 5.2 runtime for AWS Lambda

- **Algol 60**
    The ALGOL60 programming language compiler using flex, bison, and llvm.

- **SNES9X 3DS - Pixel Perfect**
    The SNES9X emulator for the 3DS with some modifications to allow for
    nearest neighbor upscaling.


## Completed Projects
- **dune_config**
    pkg-config for dune because configurator is kinda cringe
- **Gapped**
    Vim plugin for farming commits
- **usa-zipcoder**
    Geocoding for zipcodes in the United States
- **PSP Video Converter**
    MP4 isn't fully compatible with UMD this script converts any video
    to UMD compatible MP4 using FFMPEG.
- **Wireframe Renderer**
    Renders .obj files as wireframes outputting in tga image format.
- **TGA**
    An implementation of the TGA image format in C for use in my other
    projects.
- **Bulk Delete**
    Desktop application written in Java swing to do various
    functionality that GitHub doesn't support out of the box i.e. Bulk
    Deleting repos.
- **TL13**
    The TL13 Language compiler written using flex and bison

Commit message:

minor changes to spelling and updated projects list, removed resume for now

index.md, after:

![](./static/rabbit.png)


# Logan's Website


# About Me

Student at the University of Texas - Dallas & Incoming Software Engineering Intern at JPMorgan.

## Ongoing Projects

- **Shiny Ball**
    Messing around with THREE.js you can check that out [here](https://shiny-ball.vercel.app/)
- **Coinfishing**
    Simulating markets, and adding more gambling to WEBFISHING
- **Financial Modeling Runescape**
    Financial modeling tool for Runescape traders
- **Gnuplot**
    Plotting library for C++
- **Gtkcaml**
    GTK4 bindings for Ocaml
- **This Website**
    I will try and consistantly update this website with new information.
- **Chipotle**
    Library for interacting with chipotle services.
- **Pokercaml**
    Poker is a pretty interesting game.
- **AWS Lambda runtime for OCaml**
    Modern OCaml 5.2 runtime for AWS Lambda
- **Algol 60**
    The ALGOL60 programming language compiler using flex, bison, and llvm.
- **SNES9X 3DS - Pixel Perfect**
    The SNES9X emulator for the 3DS with some modifications to allow for
    nearest neighbor upscaling.

## Completed Projects
- **dune_config**
    pkg-config for dune because configurator is kinda cringe
- **Gapped**
    Vim plugin for farming commits
- **usa-zipcoder**
    Geocoding for zipcodes in the United States
- **PSP Video Converter**
    MP4 isn't fully compatible with UMD this script converts any video
    to UMD compatible MP4 using FFMPEG.
- **Wireframe Renderer**
    Renders .obj files as wireframes outputting in tga image format.
- **TGA**
    An implementation of the TGA image format in C for use in my other
    projects.
- **Bulk Delete**
    Desktop application written in Java swing to do various
    functionality that GitHub doesn't support out of the box i.e. Bulk
    Deleting repos.
- **TL13**
    The TL13 Language compiler written using flex and bison
- **GAPTCHA**
    OCR for CAPTCHA Tests along with a selenium bot to bypass CAPTCHA on websites
- **Waffle**
    PDF to audiobook converter using (want to refactor this)
- **Image Uploader**
    Paper scanning app similar to Microsoft Lens (want to refactor this)
- **Stroke Detection**
    Machine Learning model to predict a patiet's risk of stroke (want to refactor this)
- **Deep Learning for Brain Disorders** 
    Some stuff about a general model for diagnosing brain disorders using AI should probably go check out the poster [here](https://github.com/ACM-Research/Deep-Learning-for-Brain-Disorders/blob/main/DOCS/ACM_Research_Poster_Final.png)
